the California sushi roll is one of the
most basic roles to make once you learn
how to make this the possibilities are
endless all you need to make California
rolls is rice seasoned vinegar avocado
crabmeat cucumber ginger wasabi roasted
sesame seeds soy sauce water and your
seaweed wrappers for nori first you're
going to rinse the rice in cold water
until the water is completely clear and
then go ahead and put the rice in the
rice cooker so after your rice is cooked
you're going to transfer it to a big
bowl and season it the seasoned vinegar
2 tablespoons and just drizzle it over
the rice now using a flat spoon you're
just going to fold the rice into each
other and then break up some of those
big pieces so as you're folding in your
rice you also want to fan it a little to
bring it to a little bit above room
temperature now that your rice is done
we're ready to make sushi rolls you're
going to need a bamboo mat these can be
easily found at your grocery store or a
restaurant supply store now grab a piece
of your nori seaweed wrapper and put it
shiny side down make sure you have a
bowl of water close by to dip your
fingers in so that the rice doesn't
stick you're going to need this now get
a little bit of rice and lay it on your
sushi wrapper and start with just a
couple tablespoons you can always add
more and slowly spread it out and you're
going to want to leave about an inch at
the very top so that you can seal your
roll at the very end now we get to add
all the yummy ingredients I'm going to
put two slices of avocado next we're
going to use crab we're using imitation
this is the most popular way to make a
California roll all right and then a
couple slices of these julienned
hothouse cucumbers and then almost like
you're sealing an envelope dip your
finger into the water and use it to seal
the top part of your roll this is going
to help the rolls stay together now when
you're ready to roll your sushi roll you
want to start by grabbing the end of the
seaweed wrapper closest to and try to
tuck all those ingredients in there but
use your mat to do all the work so make
sure you're tucking
under the last ingredient use your mat
to slowly roll and kind of walk your
fingers back as you're rolling once it's
all the way rolled kind of hold it give
it a little hug
make sure it's firm oh and there's your
California roll now when you set aside
put it seem side down and then this is
going to help firm it up before we cut
them so now that you've learned how to
make a basic sushi roll we're going to
step it up a notch and do it inside out
roll so using the same bamboo mat I've
just covered it with plastic wrap go
ahead and grab your seaweed wrapper
shiny side down and this time you're
actually going to put the rice all the
way to the edge and then we're going to
sprinkle it with roasted sesame seeds
this gives that roll just a little bit
of crunch and makes it look good - very
carefully you're going to flip this over
and then creamy avocado then your crab
and then just a couple strips of the
cucumber we're going to seal the top
again a little bit of water just like
you're sealing an envelope and then you
can roll it the same way and then I
actually like to sprinkle just a little
bit more sesame seeds all right so now
we're going to cut the sushi rolls you
want to make sure you have a really
sharp knife and you want to make sure
that you let the knife do the work for
you
sometimes it's good to run water over
your knife to kind of help it so try to
get right in the middle and then cut it
right in half and then use two end
pieces one more time and then these two
and you want to face them up see how you
can see that yummy crab the creamy
avocado and the crunchy cucumber looks
so good and with the inside-out roll
same technique there you have it the
California sushi roll is delicious
decadent and so fun to make I think this
would be really fun to do a girls night
in have a sushi making party thanks so
much for watching I'm Brandi and I'll
see you next time for another taste of
yum sugar TV